Temitayo Femi MATTHEW is a dedicated youth advocate with over **six years of experience** committed to advancing the health and rights of children, adolescents, and young people. He serves as the Executive Director of the End Harmful Practices Initiative (EHPI) Nigeria a youth-led nonprofit working to eliminate all forms of harmful practices amongst vulnerable populations and build safer societies. He is a budding medical practitioner who earned his Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery degree from the prestigious Obafemi Awolowo University, Ile-Ife.
 
During his undergraduate years, Temitayo served as Coordinating Officer/President of the Antimicrobial Resistance Club of Obafemi Awolowo University from 2023 to 2025 demonstrating a keen focus on one of the most pressing issues in global health. He also served as President of the Medical Students’ Association of the same institution in 2024.
 
At the national level, he served the Nigerian Medical Students' Association (NiMSA) in dual capacities: as National Public Health Officer in 2022 and as Technical Officer on Infectious Diseases in 2021, contributing meaningfully to the association's health policy and advocacy agenda.
 
Beyond Nigerian borders, Temitayo has served as a delegate to conferences & meetings of the International Federation of Medical Students' Associations (IFMSA) across three continents, where he actively contributed to international policy discussions and shaped international discourse on students’ health advocacy.
 
Through his work at the intersection of medicine, global health, and community development, Temitayo Femi Matthew continues to champion the well-being of the most vulnerable — embodying the belief that the next generation of healthcare leaders must also be fearless advocates for change.
